PROLOGUE:
Your ego is fresh, without any flaws.
You wake up in an odd room lying on a wooden bunk with a straw mattress on it.
The bed is placed in a corner.
Walls are made of 
There are clearly visible cracks in walls.
Also there are some strange symbols written on them.
Dusty light rays are wading from behind a boarded up window.
Behind the planks you can see only white glowing emptiness.
Rays are pointed onto the upper part of the bed which cause you dazzle.
You're naked and don't remember anything.
Next to the bed, there's a wooden chair with some clothes hanging on the back.
Clothes seems to be in a style of 15th century.
On the other side old the bed there's a wooden chest.
Inside the chest there is a short dagger and a letter.
The letter seems to convey some kind of mysterious message.
You don't understand it's content.
In the opposite corner from the bed, there's a barrel.
The barrel if filled with non-potable water.
On top of the barrel there's lying a small mirror.
You can see your face through it.
On one of the wall there is a door.
When you pass them you see a long corridor with lot of doors.
Corridor extends from your left to your right.
You can't see it's ends, just a glowing space in a distance.
You can wander all the way through it but you won't find anything except doors.
All doors are not locked, you can choose and pass any you like.
Doors differs from one another, there are red, green, bigger, smaller and e.t.c.
//Mechanically it isn't important which door you will choose.
//You just have to have an impression of choice.
//You can test a physic and mechanic of the game here.
When you open the door, behind them you can see only white glowing emptiness.
You can walk in there or you can choose different ones.
If you just choose a door to pass through everything dissapears.
Everything start to vibrate, you hear some kind of mild buzzing.
Dazzling light start to wade through blackness.
If you open more than 7 doors, a big black blob pop up out from nowhere.
You can try to fight with it, but eventually it engulf you.
Then you experience just the same as if you choosen to cross the door.

CHAPTER 1:
Then you wake up in a bed.
It seams that it was just a strange dream.
You're sailing on the boat to a new world - <invented name here>.
You're starting a new life.
You divine that something will happen in a moment.
A sailor open your cabinet's door and says that we have sailed to the shore.
You don't remember much.
You know that this is because of long sailing while which you've drunk a lot.
You only remember that you're coming from a country that fought a brutal war.



